# Part IA Computing (Michaelmas Term)

This repository contains the Jupyter Notebook activities for Part IA
of the computing course (Michaelmas Term) in the Engineering Tripos at
University of Cambridge.


# Viewing and executing

The notebooks can be viewed at:

http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/CambridgeEngineering/PartIA-Computing-Michaelmas/tree/master/

Copies of the notebooks are posted to the Microsoft Azure cloud
service:

https://notebooks.azure.com/library/CUED-IA-Computing-Michaelmas

On the Azure service, notebooks can be executed and modified.  The
notebooks are developed using Python 3.


# Feedback and corrections

Please report suggestions or errors at:

https://github.com/CambridgeEngineering/PartIA-Computing-Michaelmas/issues


# Author

These notebooks are developed by Garth N. Wells (<gnw20@cam.ac.uk>).


# Acknowledgements

Valuable feedback during the development of the notebooks was provided
by Quang T. Ha, Hugo Hadfield, Tim Love, Chris Richardson and Joanna
Stadnik.


# License and copyright

All material os copyright of Garth N. Wells (<gnw20@cam.ac.uk>).

All text is made available under the Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License
(https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode).

All computer code is released under the MIT license.


The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2016 Garth N. Wells

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
